README.md, before:

# rich-text

Monorepo with Typescript libraries for handling and rendering Contentful rich
text documents.

## Packages

- [`rich-text-from-markdown`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-from-markdown)
  - Converts markdown documents to rich text
- [`rich-text-html-renderer`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-html-renderer)
  - Converts rich text documents to HTML
- [`rich-text-links`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-links)
  - Entity (entry and asset) link extraction utilities
- [`rich-text-plain-text-renderer`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-plain-text-renderer)
  - Converts rich text documents to plain text
- [`rich-text-types`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-types)
  - Type definitions and constants for the rich text field type

- [`gatsby-transformer-contentful-richtext`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/gatsby-transformer-contentful-richtext)
  - Parses a Contentful Rich Text document to HTML in Gatsby
- [`rich-text-to-jsx`](https://github.com/connor-baer/rich-text-to-jsx) (third-party)
  - Parses a Contentful Rich Text document to JSX for use in React

## Get involved

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?maxAge=31557600)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

We appreciate any help on our repositories. For more details about how to
contribute, see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
document.

## Reach out to us

### You have questions about how to use this library?
* Reach out to our community forum: [![Contentful Community Forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Join%20Community%20Forum-3AB2E6.svg?logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,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&maxAge=31557600)](https://support.contentful.com/)
* Jump into our community slack channel: [![Contentful Community Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Join%20Community%20Slack-2AB27B.svg?logo=slack&maxAge=31557600)](https://www.contentful.com/slack/)

### You found a bug or want to propose a feature?

* File an issue here on GitHub: [![File an issue](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Create%20Issue-6cc644.svg?logo=github&maxAge=31557600)](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/issues/new). Make sure to remove any credential from your code before sharing it.

### You need to share confidential information or have other questions?

* File a support ticket at our Contentful Customer Support: [![File support ticket](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Submit%20Support%20Ticket-3AB2E6.svg?logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,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&maxAge=31557600)](https://www.contentful.com/support/)

## License

This repository is published under the [MIT](LICENSE) license.

## Code of Conduct

We want to provide a safe, inclusive, welcoming, and harassment-free space and experience for all participants, regardless of gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, socioeconomic status, body size, ethnicity, nationality, level of experience, age, religion (or lack thereof), or other identity markers.

[Read our full Code of Conduct](https://github.com/contentful-developer-relations/community-code-of-conduct).

Commit message:

docs: ✏️ Add link to rich-text-react-renderer in main README

README.md, after:

# rich-text

Monorepo with Typescript libraries for handling and rendering Contentful rich
text documents.

## Packages

### Official

- [`rich-text-from-markdown`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-from-markdown)
  - Converts markdown documents to rich text
- [`rich-text-html-renderer`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-html-renderer)
  - Converts rich text documents to HTML
- [`rich-text-links`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-links)
  - Entity (entry and asset) link extraction utilities
- [`rich-text-plain-text-renderer`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-plain-text-renderer)
  - Converts rich text documents to plain text
- [`rich-text-types`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-types)
  - Type definitions and constants for the rich text field type
- [`gatsby-transformer-contentful-richtext`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/gatsby-transformer-contentful-richtext)
  - Parses a Contentful Rich Text document to HTML in Gatsby
- [`rich-text-react-renderer`](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/tree/master/packages/rich-text-react-renderer)
  - Parses a Contentful Rich Text document to JSX for use in React

### Community made

- [`rich-text-to-jsx`](https://github.com/connor-baer/rich-text-to-jsx)
  - Opinionated JSX renderer for the Contentful rich text field type

## Get involved

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?maxAge=31557600)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

We appreciate any help on our repositories. For more details about how to
contribute, see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
document.

## Reach out to us

### You have questions about how to use this library?
* Reach out to our community forum: [![Contentful Community Forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Join%20Community%20Forum-3AB2E6.svg?logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,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&maxAge=31557600)](https://support.contentful.com/)
* Jump into our community slack channel: [![Contentful Community Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Join%20Community%20Slack-2AB27B.svg?logo=slack&maxAge=31557600)](https://www.contentful.com/slack/)

### You found a bug or want to propose a feature?

* File an issue here on GitHub: [![File an issue](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Create%20Issue-6cc644.svg?logo=github&maxAge=31557600)](https://github.com/contentful/rich-text/issues/new). Make sure to remove any credential from your code before sharing it.

### You need to share confidential information or have other questions?

* File a support ticket at our Contentful Customer Support: [![File support ticket](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Submit%20Support%20Ticket-3AB2E6.svg?logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,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&maxAge=31557600)](https://www.contentful.com/support/)

## License

This repository is published under the [MIT](LICENSE) license.

## Code of Conduct

We want to provide a safe, inclusive, welcoming, and harassment-free space and experience for all participants, regardless of gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, socioeconomic status, body size, ethnicity, nationality, level of experience, age, religion (or lack thereof), or other identity markers.

[Read our full Code of Conduct](https://github.com/contentful-developer-relations/community-code-of-conduct).
